[Docs] Revamp Landing Page (#7063)
medplum/medplum: packages/docs/docs/home.md

![Medplum system overview](/img/medplum-overview.svg)

## Get Started

> 1. [Register an account](https://www.medplum.com/docs/tutorials/register) to get a project provisioned. 

Reviewer: I think it was mistake to use the terminology "account", since we never use it anywhere else. 
```suggestion
1. [Register an project](https://www.medplum.com/docs/tutorials/register) for your data. 
```

    1. [Optional]: [Import sample data](https://www.medplum.com/docs/tutorials/importing-sample-data). 

> 2. View and use our [provider app](https://www.medplum.com/docs/provider) by [logging in](https://provider.medplum.com/) to use our out-of-the-box provider experience. 

Reviewer: We us the term "provider app" to contrast with patient apps, etc., but I wonder if the the term "out of the box provider experience" makes sense to newcomers. Suggesting "EHR experience", or "clinician Experience" 

```suggestion
2. Use our [provider app](https://www.medplum.com/docs/provider) by logging in to our [out-of-the-box EHR experience](https://provider.medplum.com/) . 
```

3. [Build your own application](https://www.medplum.com/docs/tutorials/medplum-hello-world) against our APIs. 

## Plan your Workflows

1. [Learn FHIR basics](./docs/fhir-basics) to understand the structure of FHIR resources, the healthcare standard on which Medplum is built. 

> 2. [Learn workflow patterns](./blog/fhir-workflow-patterns-to-simplify-your-life) to understand how resources are used to request actions, record events, and store information. 

Reviewer: "request actions" seems a bit abstract

```suggestion
2. [Learn workflow patterns](./blog/fhir-workflow-patterns-to-simplify-your-life) to understand how resources are used to place requests, record events, and store information. 
```

3. Explore our docs on workflows under "Model in FHIR"! Popular workflows are included below. Step through specific use cases. Don't see a how-to guide you need? Reach out on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/medplum) or send us an email at [support@medplum.com](mailto:support@medplum.com). 
    1. [Charting patient data](./docs/charting)
    2. [Creating and automating clinical operations](/docs/careplans/tasks)
    3. [Recording asynchronous encounters and messaging](./docs/communications/async-encounters)
    4. [Billing your services](./docs/billing)

## Build in Medplum

1. [CRUD using our FHIR datastore](./docs/fhir-datastore), and learn to [search your data](./docs/search).
2. Explore our [React components](./docs/api/react), pre-built to support Medplum data.  

> 3. [Run the Medplum stack locally](./docs/self-hosting/running-full-medplum-stack-in-docker), or [self-host](./docs/self-hosting) your own Medplum server with our [source code](https://github.com/medplum/medplum) on Github.

Reviewer: Light suggestion based on some offline conversations
```suggestion
3. [Run the Medplum stack locally](./docs/self-hosting/running-full-medplum-stack-in-docker) to set up you developer environment.
```

## Connect to the Healthcare Ecosystem

- Get on-prem connectivity with our [Medplum Agent](./docs/agent), connecting to devices over HL7/MLLP, ASTM, and DICOM and surfacing them securely to the cloud. 

>     - We also support [FHIRcast](./docs/fhircast) for real-time synchronization. 

Reviewer: nit: unindent this line
```suggestion
- We also support [FHIRcast](./docs/fhircast) for real-time synchronization. 
```
